90+6'
That's the end of the match.
90+4'
Shinji Kagawa (Manchester United) dinks a cross into the box as he attempts to find one of his teammates, but the defence manages to make a clearance.
90+2'
Nothing comes of the resulting corner from Wayne Rooney (Manchester United). The defence is alert and manages to cut it out.
90+1'
Nemanja Vidic (Manchester United) comes close to scoring! He gets the ball inside the box from the resulting corner but his shot flies just over the crossbar. This should be a big warning for the defence.
90+1'
Ashley Young (Manchester United) goes over to take the corner kick and it looks like he will swing the ball into the penalty box.
90+1'
Nemanja Vidic (Manchester United) jumps inside the box to meet the corner and aims a low header towards the left post, but the goalkeeper pulls off an astonishing save to deny him. Manchester Utd have been awarded a corner kick.
90+1'
Corner kick. Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) is ready to send the ball into the box.
90'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) latches on to a precise defence-splitting pass and fires a nice strike from a promising distance towards the bottom right corner. Hugo Lloris has a clear sight of it and makes a comfortable save. Manchester Utd have been awarded a corner kick.
90'
Manchester Utd enjoy a period of possession as they are exchanging some passes and waiting for an opportunity to strike.
89'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) picks up a yellow card.
89'
The linesman raises his flag for offside before Patrice Evra (Manchester United) heads on.
88'
Great teamplay by Tottenham as they control the ball with a lot of short passes. Patience is the key if they want to find a gap in the defence to score.
86'
Ashley Young (Manchester United) swings in a cross, but the ball is cleared to safety by one of the defending players.
84'
A substitution has been made. Tom Cleverley goes off and Ashley Young (Manchester United) comes on.
83'
Aaron Lennon (Tottenham) produced a promising shot towards the bottom left corner after his wonderful solo run, but David de Gea thwarted him with a fabulous save and the score remains the same.
82'
Mousa Dembele (Tottenham) decides to strike the ball towards goal, but his effort fails to threaten the goalkeeper after being blocked by one of the defenders.
81'
Mousa Dembele (Tottenham) shouldn't be surprised it's a yellow from the ref, who cooled the situation down well.
79'
Chicharito (Manchester United) collects a great pass inside the box and misses a golden opportunity. His low drive is headed for the bottom left corner, but the goalkeeper pulls off a marvellous diving save and denies him.
77'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) quickly takes the corner kick with a short pass.
76'
Shinji Kagawa latches onto a perfect defence-splitting pass from Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) and heads towards goal.
75'
The referee signals that it is time for a substitution and Harry Kane (Tottenham) comes onto the pitch so that Roberto Soldado can be given a rest.
73'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) attempts to find a head of one of his teammates with a promising cross into the box. The defence manages to outjump the attacking players and to avert the threat.
73'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) launches a powerful cross from the corner into the box, but the ball is intercepted by the defender.
71'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) misses the left post by a whisker with a mid-range rebound. What a chance that was! It is going to be a goal kick.
71'
A cross from a mid-range free kick, taken by Manchester Utd, is intercepted by one of the defenders.
70'
Nacer Chadli (Tottenham) comes onto the pitch because Emmanuel Adebayor simply cannot continue any longer after picking up an injury.
68'
Emmanuel Adebayor (Tottenham) is writhing in pain and can now receive medical treatment after the referee decides to stop play.
67'
1 - 2
It's in the back of the net! Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) gets on the end of a brilliant pass and scores a great goal after finding the back of the net by striking the ball past the goalkeeper!
66'
0 - 2
Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) jumps for a header from a cross and puts the ball past the helpless goalkeeper.
65'
The opposition's defence is alert as they clear out a dangerous cross, sent by Patrice Evra (Manchester United).
65'
The referee stops play so that a substitution can be made and Etienne Capoue leaves the pitch and Nabil Bentaleb (Tottenham) comes on.
64'
The possession of the ball – 61:39.
63'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) connected with a pass around the edge of the box, aimed and shot. His attempt went towards the top right corner, but Hugo Lloris was alert and the score remains the same.
62'
Manchester Utd are bossing possession at the moment by exchanging some precise passes from player to player.
61'
Substitution. Michael Carrick will be replaced by Chicharito (Manchester United).
61'
It will be a substitution. Shinji Kagawa (Manchester United) is ready to enter the pitch as Chris Smalling walks off.
60'
Long cross from aside is directed to well-positioned Wayne Rooney (Manchester United), but the opponent's defence gets it clear.
58'
The Tottenham players find open spaces, and they are able to move the ball from one to another. But now comes an error, and they involuntarily pass the ball to their opponent.
55'
The linesman signals a throw-in for Manchester Utd.
53'
Attempted cross from Patrice Evra (Manchester United) is cleared.
52'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) received a clever through ball which could have put him in a promising position, but the defence was alert to the danger.
52'
The Tottenham players are exchanging some short passes.
50'
Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) darts into the penalty area to latch on to a pass, and he unleashes a shot towards the middle of the net, but Hugo Lloris is alert and denies him.
50'
An unsuccessful cross into the box by Patrice Evra (Manchester United). The opponent's defence clears the ball away to safety. The main referee and his assistant both signal a throw-in for Manchester United.
50'
The resulting corner from Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) comes to nothing.
49'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) delivers a promising cross into the box, but one of the defending players wins the ball and averts the threat. It will be a corner kick for Manchester United.
47'
Manchester Utd seem to be finding their feet as they enjoy some possession. They are waiting for the right moment to create new attacking opportunities.
46'
It's a throw-in for Manchester Utd.
46'
Referee Howard Webb blows his whistle to start the second half.45+3'
The referee blows his whistle for half-time, bringing to a close the first 45 minutes of the match.
45'
Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) overhits the corner kick and none of his teammates can their head on it.
45'
Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) steps up to take the corner. He launches the ball into the penalty area, but it only finds the head of an opposing player who clears the danger.
43'
The game is interrupted, a clear handball by Chris Smalling (Manchester United). A free kick is awarded to Tottenham.
42'
The Tottenham players keep the ball and are exchanging a combination of passes. They are waiting for gaps in the defence to open up.
42'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) has to be very careful for the rest of the match after receiving a yellow card from the referee for a bad tackle on an opponent.
41'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) looks like he will be the one to take the corner kick.
41'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) takes the corner, but the opposition's defence is ready and clears the ball to safety.
40'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) sends a cross into the box that is cleared. The ball has crossed the goal line. Manchester United are awarded a corner kick.
40'
Roberto Soldado finds some space and receives a very precise long pass from Aaron Lennon (Tottenham). Roberto Soldado (Tottenham) is desperate to score a goal, but he misses the target after striking the ball well wide of the left post. It's a goal kick.
39'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) played too fiercely and breached the rules with his tackle. The referee Howard Webb didn't miss it and blew his whistle. A free kick has been awarded to Tottenham.
38'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) sends a beautiful cross into the penalty area. The opposition's defence manages to clear the ball to safety.
37'
The ball has crossed the sideline. Manchester Utd are taking a throw-in.
37'
The corner from Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) is hurriedly cleared.
36'
The corner from Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) is cleared away by the defence.
34'
0 - 1
Christian Eriksen showcases his great technique and produces a beautiful lofted cross into the box. Emmanuel Adebayor (Tottenham) meets the cross and gets himself onto the scoresheet with a header into the bottom right corner. It's 0:1.
33'
Tottenham control the tempo of the game by exchanging some accurate short passes.
32'
Emmanuel Adebayor (Tottenham) receives a pass and decides to smash the ball from long range. His poor effort sails well wide of the right post.
30'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) whips a promising cross into the box, but the opposition's defence intercepts the ball.
29'
The Manchester Utd players are exchanging some short passes to try and open up the opposition’s defence and hit them swiftly on the break.
26'
Tottenham are awarded a free kick.
26'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) produces a quality pass into the box, the opposition's defence intercepts the ball and spanks it away.
23'
The ball is passed from one Tottenham player to another, and the game isn't very exciting. Nothing lasts forever, though. They make a mistake, and possession is taken by the opponent.
22'
Emmanuel Adebayor (Tottenham) times his run too early and the linesman raises his flag for offside.
21'
Nemanja Vidic (Manchester United) rises above the defence to meet a cross from the corner. His timing is good, but he directs his header just a few inches wide of the left post. It will be a goal kick.
21'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) takes the corner.
21'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) whips the ball into the penalty area, but one of the opposition's defenders makes a quick reaction and spanks it away.
20'
Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) receives a sweet cross inside the box from Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United), but one of the defending players rushed bravely to intercept the move.
19'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) lifts the ball into the box from the corner, but one of the defending players gets there first to head it clear.
18'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) with a through ball which couldn't reach Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) as one of the defending players reacts brilliantly to intercept the effort. If the pass had been produced a little bit earlier, Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) could have got into a promising position.
17'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) strikes the ball towards goal, but it fails to reach the target after being well blocked by one of the defenders.
15'
Aaron Lennon (Tottenham) whips the ball in, but it can't reach any of his teammates as the opposition's defence averts the threat.
15'
Roberto Soldado (Tottenham) releases Aaron Lennon, who latched on to his perfect through pass and can continue with his team's attack. Aaron Lennon (Tottenham) has a great chance inside the six-yard box, shoots low to the middle of the goal, but David de Gea pulls off an exquisite save to deny him.
13'
Adnan Januzaj (Manchester United) pulls the trigger and strikes the ball towards goal from long-range, but his effort is blocked by one of the defenders.
12'
Some great controlled play and passing in the middle of the pitch from Manchester Utd.
11'
Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) will take a goal kick to hopefully start an attacking move for his team.
10'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) takes the free kick from mid-range, but he balloons his effort high over the bar. What a miskick! The ball crosses the byline and it's going to be a goal kick.
9'
Etienne Capoue (Tottenham) was too forceful with his tackle and Howard Webb interrupted the game to signal a free kick. Another situation results in a direct free kick for Manchester Utd.
7'
The game is interrupted now, Michael Dawson (Tottenham) picks up a knock and the physio has to come on.
6'
Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) takes the corner kick and sends the ball among a huddle of players inside the penalty area, but one of the defenders clears it to safety.
6'
Chris Smalling (Manchester United) takes a great touch after receiving a pass inside the box. He immediately unleashes a low shot to the middle of the goal, but the keeper pulls off a decent save! The ball goes out of play and Manchester Utd have been awarded a corner kick.
5'
Danny Welbeck (Manchester United) received a clever long through ball and found himself in a promising position, but the defence is alert to danger.
2'
Antonio Valencia (Manchester United) sends a lofted cross into the penalty area. Unfortunately for him, the opponent's defence deals with his cross comfortably and intercepts a long ball. The ball is behind the sideline and Manchester United will take a throw-in.
2'
Neat passing move from Manchester Utd in order to create new attacking opportunities.
1'
The first half of this match is about to start.
Welcome to our live text commentary, ladies and gentleman! The starting lineups will be announced very soon, so just sit back and get ready to enjoy the action.
Howard Webb is the one to supervise the game today.
Show lineups
In the details of this match, you can glance at the lineups while the game is about to begin.
